vmbackup: Prevent save backups to the same folder where TSDB data is (#2547)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: app/vmbackup/README.md

* [GCS](https://cloud.google.com/storage/). Example: `gs://<bucket>/<path/to/backup>`
* [S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/). Example: `s3://<bucket>/<path/to/backup>`
* Any S3-compatible storage such as [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio), [Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/en/pacific/radosgw/s3/) or [Swift](https://platform.swiftstack.com/docs/admin/middleware/s3_middleware.html). See [these docs](#advanced-usage) for details.

> * Local filesystem. Example: `fs://</absolute/path/to/backup>`. In this case we can't write backups to the same directory where is the VictoriaMetrics save data. Because it may produce incorrect work of database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Local filesystem. Example: `fs://</absolute/path/to/backup>`. Note that `vmbackup` prevents from storing the backup into the directory pointed by `-storageDataPath` command-line flag, since this directory should be managed solely by VictoriaMetrics or `vmstorage`.
```
